Initialising Devices; Associating Devices with Users
===

## We have two system components

- **WaterElf** -- the wifi-connected sensor/actuator board.
- **WeGrow.social** -- a website with DB, user managment, community data
  sharing etc.

## The procedure for getting a new WaterElf onto your local network

- Get new sensor out of box, plug it in.
- Go to your phone or laptop or etc. and join waterelf-xxxxxxx wifi network.
- Open browser, goto 192.168.1.1 [hopefully when the captive DNS is working
  again this step will change to "go to any page"].
- Click on the "configure wifi network" link.
- Select your wifi network and enter its pass key.
- The WaterElf will then join your home network.
- [TODO] On sucess, device issues page redirect, then shuts down it's access
  point, throwing connected wifi device back to home network, hopefully in
  time for redirect to get them to login to wegrow site, to device success
  page.
- On failure, device issues page refresh with wifi status report.

 
## Associating WaterElves with users on WeGrow

When the user wishes to connect a new WaterElf sensor to WeGrow.social, the
site generates a short token for them to enter on the sensor. (First they join
their phone or etc. to the Elf's AP as above, then click on the "configure
data sharing" link and enter the token -- a bit like 2-phase authentication on
Google for example.) The Elf then pings WeGrow -- TODO using TLS -- with the
token and gets a longer key in return, which it stores. All future
interactions with the server then use that key. The WeGrow site associates
interactions using that key with the user who initiated creation of the token.
