Backlog
===

- collect all our pics and graphics in one place
- refresh Denny publicity
- Denny logo / banner thing
- Denny webcams
- Denny webcam to website
- website :-)
- sustainable food schools workshop plans and supporting materials (inc.
  evaluation questionnaires, one for teaching staff and one (simpler version)
  for student participants)

From the 10bn doc:
- Soft power story building:
  - Flood patterns as indicators of climate change, and the implications for
    food security.
  - Deforestation as a driver of climate change, and ditto.
  - Biotechnology and biosecurity and soil-free growing methods: grow clean,
    eat clean.
  - Videos: system builds; talking heads; happy fish dancing the Tarantella
    while reciting Shakespeare backwards in Serbo-Croat.
  - Infographic presentation of project messages, as a flyer (see Appendix C).
  - A logo!
  - Slide set to run on the plasma screen in the Denny greenhouse (see
    Appendix D).
  - Materials for school children; planting sessions for school parties; etc.
  - Political, philosophical, socio-economic and ethical dimensions. The case
    for the development, dissemination and implementation open source systems
    for supply of basic needs. Resilience and human development, aquaponics
    scenarios:
    - Political
    - Economical/financial
    - Philosophical  
    - Societal (resilience and self-organization)
  - Good initial sources: Joshua Pearce (Pearce 2012a; Pearce 2012b)
- Biomechanics research goals:
  - Plant interactions: what species/varieties work best together? What plants
    fit best in an aquaponics context (e.g. pH has to be ok for both plants
    and fish)?
  - Can plants who would normally rely on mycorrhizal
    associations/rhizobacteria still function in a ‘sterile’ non-soil growth
    medium where soil dwelling microbes are not present? Will they grow
    normally and produce a significant yield?
    - Aquaponics is small in comparison with hydroponics; we will review
      available research about microbial symbionts for both, and identify
      research goals to extend results for the latter to the former.
  - Strategies to prevent and treat potential crop diseases or pests that
    might get into the system.
  - IPM (integrated pest Management) protocols. How to avoid, how to treat,
    how to avoid mass fish death when trying to kill the greenfly…
  - Review food safety in relation to aquaponics. Particularly in relation to
    microorganisms/bacteria living in the water like E.coli — (Fox et al.
    2012) deal with this issue, stating “fish are not considered by the Center
    for Disease Control (CDC) to be ‘animals of significant risk’ of carrying
    E. coli“.
  - Biosecurity in aquaponics: how to monitor, identify, avoid, or treat fish
    disease; how to identify nutritional and compositional nature of plant and
    fish outputs (what impact does air pollution have on the concourse, for
    example?) Conformance with CEFAS regulations.
  - Logbook: create a list of simple questions that growers answer every day
    or so to keep track of data that is not registered by the WaterElf sensor
    (e.g. report fish or plant state of health, plantings, harvestings, amount
    of fish feed etc…).
  - How would solar power work? (Both to reduce running costs, and to cope
    with off-grid running and/or power outages. How many panels with what
    energy profiles would be needed? What capacity and type of batteries would
    be appropriate?)
  - Review system 1 growing plan (see draft in Appendix A) and adjust for
    systems 2 and 3.
- Computational infrastructure:
  - WaterElf sensing and control firmware (C, Arduino development environment
    running on ESP8266).
  - WeGrow cloudside: data collection, infographic (static) website
    generation, S3 serving.
  - WeGrow cloudside systems
    - Data collection — design a small server to accept and process data from
      WaterElves around the world (see e.g. http://pastebin.com/MUBheaYx for a
      record-oriented Python microserver sketch).
    - Infographic and static website generation — write software to generate
      static websites and infographics for scalability (e.g. graphs of
      conditions vs. time).
    - Static file serving to S3 - push data to the S3 static site server.

